(Episode 34)
Where is this place?
I don't know.
Then you should ask him more.
How can we find anything with this?
Be gentle.
Don't frown.
Mr. Cha.
Where is this place?
Mrs. Lee.
Why do you keep asking me?
You know where that is.
When Young Min died,
you told me to bury him there.
Why is he calling you Mrs. Lee?
Lee Kwang Ho's wife?
Mr. Cha.
It's because I don't remember.
I keep forgetting.
I'm the same.
When you don't remember,
you should exercise.
Shoulder, shoulder.
Up and down.
Gook Su Ran.
Yes?
Thank you...
for saving me.
But you witch...
put me in the asylum!
You locked me in there...
for a year. No, two years!
- Die, witch! - Mr. Cha.
Die, witch!
- Die! - Mr. Cha.
- Mr. Cha. - Die!
What were you doing earlier?
Shoulder, shoulder.
- That's right. - Up and down.
- Up and down. - Why don't you there and do it?
- All right. - Shoulder, shoulder.
Up and down.
Shoulder, shoulder.
Right foot.
I don't think we can get anymore out of him.
Right foot. Right. Left.
That means we have to use this to find it.
Do you have any idea where this could be?
Could it be Lee Kwang Ho's vacation home or hometown?
He said Mrs. Lee ordered him to do it.
It sounded like she knew it well.
Was there a place she went frequently?
Right foot.
A church?
Right.
Is Mrs. Lee a Christian?
No.
It's just a small church...
in the outskirts they have been sponsoring for a long time.
Try to remember the name.
So we can at least look up its old pictures.
Right foot.
Right. Left.
Thankfully, it's still here.
(Hope Orphanage)
Ms. Hong's records must be here.
I know. If they're not here,
we have nowhere else to go.
Hey. Don't worry. They'll be here.
I just got a feeling.
All right. I hope your feeling is right.
You're looking for Hong Mi Ok?
This is Kim Kkot Bi.
Kim Kkot Bi?
Yes. She used to be our benefactor.
Did something happen to her?
She passed away 10 years ago.
Goodness. I see.
That's why she hasn't been coming here.
Do you know Choi Yeon Mi by the way?
I don't know her.
Do you have any childhood pictures of Kim Kkot Bi?
And of anyone who was here with her at the time?
I'll look for them.
We have a lot of sponsors who are from this orphanage.
I'll ask them.
Please wait here.
So Ms. Hong might be the one who made the settlement...
when my mom got into an accident.
Yes.
Then were they really friends?
Were they here together?
I'm not sure.
Do you have any pictures of your mom?
If you show them her picture,
they might recognize her.
I did have her picture.
One picture.
(Bathhouse)
(Dongha Photo Studio)
Shall we take a picture?
And that night she got into an accident.
After she died,
they tried to send me to an orphanage, so I ran away.
Then, I remembered the picture...
and went to the photo studio.
"My mom will be here soon. Please show me the picture."
I said that, and he showed it to me.
So I snatched it and ran.
That was the first time I stole something.
Yes.
Okay. We'll be right in.
Hey. They found Ms. Hong.
Kim Kkot Bi.
Okay.
Nice job, Dae Woong.
Did you find something?
We found Jang Pil Sung's car.
He got a parking ticket.
Okay. Go ahead.
Yes, sir.
- Inspector Park. - Yes?
Didn't Officer Oh give you Mr. Cha's ripped notepad?
- What about it? - Well,
Officer Oh and General Manager Kwak fought over it, and it got ripped.
I saw him get it, but you aren't telling us to investigate it.
I got it. Lieutenant Jin and Officer Oh...
are doing the investigation.
I see.
- Aren't you coming? - Coming!
- Go ahead. - Bye.
He abandoned his car.
That's why it's the hardest to find a police officer.
They know all our tricks.
I guess you didn't find him.
Why are you following us?
We're after Jang Pil Sung.
How did you know he was here?
His cloned phone was turned off at this location.
Hey, Myun Joong. Watch your mouth.
You can keep talking.
That information is useless anyway.
In conclusion, Jang Pil Sung dropped everything here...
and took off.
Why are you looking for Jang Pil Sung?
Did Lee Kwang Ho tell you to find him?
It's none of your business.
- Let's go. - Okay.
Let's get going.
That jerk! Over there.
That punk!
- Hey. - Get out of the way.
Gosh.
That was crazy.
What was that for? Do you want to fight us?
- Hey. - Yes?
Who was that?
The cafe part-timer.
He really is a professional.
Why is he so fast?
Who was it?
He's from your side.
Lee Kwang Ho is after Jang Pil Sung.
Aren't you on the same side?
Why aren't you working together?
You didn't know a hitman was involved.
Hey, did he come here to get you guys?
No, he didn't. He came here to get Jang Pil Sung.
You guys can't catch our hitman.
- You should leave. - Okay.
If you think you'll get back-stabbed,
call us. We'll help you.
(Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency)
Here.
Take it.
You look good.
He's something.
You lied, didn't you?
The hitman isn't with us, is he?
Did Manager Lee send him because he knew you lied?
He came here to catch Jang Pil Sung. Don't worry.
He would've appeared if he was here to get us.
Shouldn't we still report to Chairwoman Gook?
Are you crazy?
(Donation Recipients)
Yes?
If you want to catch Lee Kwang Ho, come down now.
Alone, of course.
Okay.
The boss is calling.
Can you stay alone for a minute?
You can't run away, okay?
The previous director...
kept this in a separate album.
It's Hong Mi Ok, isn't it?
That's...
Choi Yeon Mi?
The bracelets...
Do you know the person beside Kim Kkot Bi?
No. I can check, but don't get your hopes up.
It's such an old picture.
Also, could we take this photograph?
(Hope Orphanage)
Are you all right?
It was true.
They were friends.
You really didn't know?
Ms. Hong didn't know you were her friend's son either.
No.
I think she knew.
That's unique.
It looks handmade.
Yes.
My mom did.
Your mom?
Your mom is good with her hands.
We got close after working together.
I even showed her my mom's picture.
Then your mother's death must be related to Ms. Hong's death.
Let's go.
You sure have the guts.
A suspect brought himself in front of the Prosecutors' Office.
You should have prepared some handcuffs.
I should have, but I have yet to grow the habit.
Maybe you got too excited...
to catch Lee Kwang Ho and forgot.
What do you have to make you so confident?
I have high expectations.
Odong Blowfish House. Ms. Hong's nails.
What can I use that for?
You're a loner, aren't you?
Didn't you know?
Lee Kwang Ho is the one that choked her.
And?
That won't be enough to prove he's the assailant.
No.
This is only a sample.
I have all 10 fingers.
At least one of them will have Lee Kwang Ho's DNA on it.
- What's the condition? - Lift my travel ban.
It's not in my nature to sneak out on a boat.
You can do that, right?
I'm not asking you to get rid of my evidence or to free me.
You will give me the rest in exchange?
How?
Once the plane takes off,
I'll tell you where I hid them.
It's hard to trust you.
I don't even know if that's genuine.
Also, you're not the type to keep your promises.
Then,
you can forget about it all...
and go back in.
You sure have a temper.
I know you don't have anyone else to help you except for me.
Bingo.
Call me in four hours.
I have to check if this belongs to Ms. Hong first.
Once confirmed,
I'll lift your travel ban.
However, I'll decide how, when, and where...
I will receive the remaining nails.
Are you in?
For now, yes.
[VIU Ver] E34 Doubtful Victory "Who is Kim Kkot Bi?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
General Manager Kwak.
This must be fate.
I was waiting here to drive Chairwoman Gook,
but I ran into you again.
And?
Let's go.
It would only make things worse if you make a scene.
Can you handle it alone?
Yes.
You need to get Jang Pil Sung too.
This was a direct order from Manager Lee.
Make sure to get it right.
Okay.
From now on,
you should only do work ordered by Manager Lee or myself.
Okay.
How was the meeting with Jang Pil Sung?
You're so quick-witted.
I don't know what you talked about, but this is where it'll end.
General Manager Kwak just took Jang Pil Sung away.
What are you trying to pull?
Relax.
Who knows?
If the evidence comes up, I may give it you.
To me?
- Do you mean that? - We'll see.
Even if you make a deal with him,
you only have a 50 percent chance of succeeding.
You can't play hard to get with me.
I already know you'll give it to me.
This room is so chilly because of you.
It looks like you're trying to take your revenge...
on Lee Kwang Ho.
His men could steal it away.
While you're slacking off,
Lee Kwang Ho could have hired someone to steal it.
You're right.
Manager Lee is not the type of person who would just stay still.
Should we call for backup?
We're back.
There is something we must tell you.
- Mr. Cha... - I know.
The notebook?
Are you going to continue hiding things?
- Well... - I'm sorry.
In his notebook,
I found my mom's name.
Are you saying your mom knew...
Lee Kwang Ho and Mr. Cha?
Yes.
No matter the reason, you must always report to me.
If you do that one more time, you'll be cut from the team.
Do you understand? That's my last warning.
- Yes, sir. - So, what did you find out?
It turns out that Ms. Hong...
and his late mother Choi Yeon Mi were best friends.
What?
Yes. Hello? Yes?
Backup?
Okay.
Hey, call Min Pyo and Dae Woong. We're needed for backup.
Where is Jang Pil Sung?
Okay.
I have a bad feeling. Should we call the boys?
No. It's not a good idea to call them in this situation.
We don't know who is on our side.
Manager Lee's spies will be among them.
That's true.
Quiet him down.
I need to report to Chairwoman Gook.
He's so energetic.
Mister.
What? What?
You're choking me...
You're choking me.
That hurts!
Just stay still. I said that it hurts.
Okay.
What's taking them so long?
They were here already.
I think we're too late.
Let's look around here first.
Okay.
What is this?
Crowbars are best for this.
Wait. Just press the button.
Okay.
Chief Jang!
Hey, are you okay?
He's fine.
What about the NIS guys?
Dae Woong, you and I should look for traces.
You two can take this car just as it is.
- Okay. - Okay.
Go.
Chul Gi.
Did you find Hope Orphanage too?
I'm going back in now. I'll see you there.
(We serve to protect)
Hey.
I have to see Officer Oh.
I just saw him go in.
They arrested Chief Jang.
I heard.
You should go.
Hey.
Do you want to see Kang sometime?
Su Chil thinks you should too.
I'm not sure.
Later.
We can do that later.
Give me the evidence.
What evidence?
I'm a victim of an abduction.
Is this how you conduct victim questionings?
Have you lost your mind while running around?
Are you crazy?
Let's not waste time. Just give it to me.
Call Kim Yoon Su.
I'll only talk with him.
You're driving me crazy.
He wants to make a deal.
It's obvious.
It'll be over if we find out where the evidence is.
Where could it be?
That man...
would never tell us himself.
It looks like you're going to hit me.
I might.
Where did you put Ms. Hong's evidence?
What? What is this?
Who's inside?
(Interrogation Room)
Bring the key.
I said, give it to me.
How can I give you something I don't have?
Do you think I would carry around something so important?
Yes.
It's too important for you to leave it out of your reach.
If you want it so badly, then give me something in return.
Don't you know me?
Nothing is for free.
Let go.
Stay still.
You little...
Hey. Stay still! What are you doing?
A little more.
Do you think the evidence will be okay?
I don't think you should worry.
It's over 10 years old, but it was stored well.
You won't have to worry. Also, the table was clean.
However, Officer Oh touched it.
We have to get his DNA,
cross it out from the evidence,
then write the result.
- I'm sorry. - Don't be.
You found the evidence.
Would you prefer this to be done as soon as possible?
Yes. I would appreciate that.
Do you have a DNA sample of the suspect?
No, well... Not yet.
It's Lee Kwang Ho, we're talking about.
There's no way you would have it...
unless you stole it.
Ask for a warrant...
to get Lee Kwang Ho's DNA sample.
Okay. I will.
Thank you. We'll get going.
I told you not to jump in.
You'll trip over yourself before we catch Lee Kwang Ho.
I'm sorry.
Let's request for a warrant first.
Will they approve?
Of course not. We can't even get a search warrant.
I wish we had his comb or his toothbrush.
If we find out it's him, it'll be easier...
for us to demand his DNA sample.
That's true.
But even if we were to tail him, he's always with his guards.
Is there no other way?
(Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency)
- Hey. - Are you here?
Chul Gi,
I found Ms. Hong's evidence.
I heard.
I also heard you made a mistake.
- Yes. - It's okay.
It's not hard to cross out your DNA.
Okay.
Did you find anything else?
I finally found it.
The connection between your mom and Lee Kwang Ho.
(Lee Kwang Ho)
(Volunteering at Hope Orphanage)
This is how they met?
Why did he kill my mom?
I'm not sure. I haven't figured that out yet.
He never went back here after becoming a congressman.
This was in 1986.
It was 11 years later. It took him 11 years...
before he killed Choi Yeon Mi.
I have to go somewhere.
Where?
I'll tell you when I get back.
Anyway, thank you.
Take care of yourself.
Yes?
What?
What did you say?
(Data Processing Room, Media Reference Room)
Come in.
What game are you trying to play?
What are you trying to do this time?
You're reacting just as I was expecting you to.
Did you bring it?
Yes.
Are you happy now?
I'll give you everything, so just end it now.
Just end it. Once and for all.
That's exactly what I'm hoping to do.
I'm doing this so that I can put things to an end.
How can you even call yourself a human being?
Since when...
did you know that...
Kim Jong Sam's your son?
Mr. Kang.
What do you mean?
I'm whose son?
What kind of nonsense is that?
(Doubtful Victory / Oh, the Mysterious)
So is this place Eunsung Church?
That's where you buried Young Min.
- You asked me to bury him. - Chairwoman Gook.
The evidence will become useless if we make it false.
What are you talking about?
I'll try meeting Kim Jong Sam myself.
- Just do it next time. - I'll do it.
- Jong Sam. - I'm here to warn you.
I'm going to kill you with my own two hands.
- Do you have the power to do that? - You're probably really pressured.
That's because you have so much to lose.